Add notice for PHP 7.4 update requirement. (#1856)
the-events-calendar/tribe-common: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [5.0.7] 2023-01-TBD =

> * Tweak - Adding a notice to users using version prior to PHP 7.4 about the incompatibility after February of 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Added a dashboard notice for sites running PHP versions lower than 7.4 to alert them that the minimum version of PHP is changing to 7.4 in Feburary 2023.
```
